Student: Banu Miruna-Elena
Group: 321CA

Stage 2 contents:

* **algo.h**  
   * The prototype of the generic algorithm methods.

* **algo.cpp**
   * Returns the result of Johnson's algorithm applied to the graph.
    (most optimal choice).

* **dijkstra.cpp**
   * Implements Dijkstra's algorithm.

* **bellman_ford.cpp**
   * Implements the Bellman-Ford algorithm.   

* **johnson.cpp**
   * Implements Johnson's algorithm.

* **generator.cpp**
   * This program generates 10 random tests and computes the
   algorithms for each of them to determine if their results are
   equal, thus correct. Then it prints to the output file the result
   for Johnson's algorithm. Also, the program tests the edge case tests
   in the "other_tests" folder and prints a corresponding message
   whether or not the current algorithm can be applied to the input
   test. 
   * To test the algorithms and print the result of any other tests
   it is enough to comment the generateGraph function call in the 
   first for of the main function.

* **Makefile**
  * Contains the following rules:
 
    * **generator** 
      - compiles the executable file that will generate the tests
      and will test every algorithm for the generated tests and
      the edge case tests

    * **run**
      - runs the test function on every test given as input

    * **clean**

* Folder **'in'** containing the input tests  (10 tests)
    * Each test named "**testID.in**", where ID represents the number of the
    test (e.g. test0.in)
    * Every test is structured as following:
      * First line, V (int - number of oriented graph vertices), V <= 10^5
      	and E (int - number of edges), E <= max (V^2, 10^6);
      * E lines of triplets (src, dest, weight) - exists an edge between
      src and dest of cost weight;
      
* Folder **'out'** containing the output tests
    * Each test named "**testID.in**", where ID represents the number of the
    test (e.g. test0.out) 
    * Every test contains the adjacency matrix with the minimum distances
    between every node. If there is no way to reach node j from i, stored -1
    in the matrix. (printed it as "inf" in the tests)

* Folder **other_tests**
    * Contains 3 additional tests that have the same structure as those above
    but contain edge cases for some/all algorithms such as negative weight edges
    and negative weight cycles. Their input files are stored in the **in** folder
    and the corresponding output files are stored in the **out** folder.

* **Program logic**
    * The program is supposed to randomly generate ten different graphs and their
    edges' weight and compute the three algorithms with the said graph as input.
    It compares the results of the three matrix generated by them and validates
    the answer if the outputs are equal. In the output file it either writes the
    matrix generated by the most efficient algorithm (here Johnson), or it writes
    the reason why a certain algorithm cannot be computed on a given input (see
    other_tests).  
